# Lab2 Debug Bomb
A binary "Bomb" that required disassembling and debugging in gdb (GNU debugger) in order to find the correct input string for each phase
- Phase 1: The executable compares the input to a string stored in memory, in my case "I turned the moon into something I like to call a Death Star."
- Phase 2: The exectuable reads the input as 6 integers and checks if the first three match the last three, passes with any set of integers such that "a b c a b c"
- Phase 3: Reads the input as one integer, one character, and one integer. The first integer has to be between 1-7 and is used as the input for a switch table. Then depending on your first integer the switch table entry compares the character and second integer to the hard coded ones, in my case the first table entry passes if the character is n and the second integer is 700
- Phase 4: Reads one integer and one string from the input. A recursive function is then called that calculates the factorial of the integer, and if the return is equal to 720 it passes, therefore the integer has to be 6. The string is used to unlock the secret 7th phase and is compared to the string "austinpowers" from memory like phase 1
- Phase 5: Reads two integers from input and goes to the first integer node of a linked list, adding the value of the node to a counter. This repeats, jumping to the node represented by the value in the current node, until you hit node 15. The executable then checks if the sum of values is equal to the second node, which in my case is 69 if you start at node 13.
- Phase 6: This is the first extra phase which compares the one input integer to the ending value after bouncing around in a linked list. The ending value doesn't depend on the input integer though so you can just put a breakpoint when the executable comapres the input to the final value to find that it is 826
- Phase 7: The final extra phase first checks that the fourth phase has the string "austinpowers" at the end before activating, and then calls a recursive function that traverses a binary tree. The input will pass if your return value is 5. The return value is calculated by doubling the previous return and adding one if the input was greater than the node (traversed right) or just doubling the previous return if the input is less than the node (traversing left). My input is 47 because based on the values in the tree it will first traverse right(return * 2 + 1), then left (return * 2), right again (return * 2 + 1), and finally finds the value 47 (return 0). Going backwards that gives 0 * 2 + 1, then 1 * 2, and finally 2 * 2 + 1 = 5.
